select max(id) from cooperation_partner_0_tmp
union all
select max(id) from cooperation_partner_1_tmp
union all
select max(id) from cooperation_partner_2_tmp
union all
select max(id) from cooperation_partner_3_tmp
union all
select max(id) from cooperation_partner_4_tmp
union all
select max(id) from cooperation_partner_5_tmp
union all
select max(id) from cooperation_partner_6_tmp
union all
select max(id) from cooperation_partner_7_tmp
union all
select max(id) from cooperation_partner_8_tmp
union all
select max(id) from cooperation_partner_9_tmp
;


select max(id) from cooperation_partner_0
union all
select max(id) from cooperation_partner_1
union all
select max(id) from cooperation_partner_2
union all
select max(id) from cooperation_partner_3
union all
select max(id) from cooperation_partner_4
union all
select max(id) from cooperation_partner_5
union all
select max(id) from cooperation_partner_6
union all
select max(id) from cooperation_partner_7
union all
select max(id) from cooperation_partner_8
union all
select max(id) from cooperation_partner_9
;
